a young couple travel to a controversial
hospital in eastern europe for a breast
reduction surgery but soon whole hell
breaks loose when they get there
this movie will simply blow your mind
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2019 action
comedy horror titled yummy get ready for
some spoilers take a seat and enjoy
the first scene depicts an unknown
institution in which physicians put a
patient into an incinerator however it
is later shown that the patient still
has some life remaining the cleaner at
the premises hears some noises inside
and decides to open it to rescue the
patient when a blistering hand comes
from the incinerator and grabs the man's
face
next in the present a girl allison is
driving in a vehicle with her mother
sylvia and boyfriend michael
as it turns out the girl is going to a
hospital where she will undergo a breast
reduction surgery on their way they
encounter a roadkill and when michael
tries to remove it from the road a
vehicle runs over its splashing blood
all over
due to the blood he vomits immediately
since he simply cannot stand the blood
they proceed to the clinic and soon they
get there a woman doctor leads them
inside on their way michael again sees
blood and his hemophobia kicks in once
again meanwhile a doctor examines a
man's reproductive organ and reports
that he is healing well
he is a superstar called william meyer
disguised under alfred
the woman doctor on the other hand leads
the party to meet dr kroenczyk dr
kroensick takes them to another room
where he begins to awkwardly grope
alison's breasts from every angle
later alison and michael converse
outdoors where a guy called daniel joins
them he observes allison and admires her
proportions sylvia is undergoing surgery
and alison is the next in line
michael becomes concerned when the
physicians disregard her blood type or
any other preliminary testing his
suspicions cause an uproar but the
doctors have daniel take him away as
alison walks inside the operating room
inside alison becomes concerned since
she cannot locate dr kraswick
daniel leads michael through restricted
areas and tells him to wait while he
steals some pills from the room michael
takes us to another room where we see a
lady strapped to a bed and she breathes
heavily michael removes the mask off her
face to alleviate her agony but a
horrifically gory mouth emerges
underneath
the lady begins to scream furiously and
daniel enters directing michael to go
immediately since he was as well unaware
of the situation
following that michael rushes to the
operating room and attempts to halt
alison's operation
he becomes violent so he is sedated with
a needle
meanwhile the undead girl can be seen
creeping down the hall on cctv
michael awakens time to the bed and when
the doctor enters he begs to be released
claiming he is calm now he seems calm so
they let him go but he runs back to the
operating room to halt the operation
the staff and surgeon get irritated and
leave the room while alison becomes
irritated by his constant interruptions
as they walk away they see patients who
are quickly escorted out of the room
while the staff attempts to keep them
calm
william comes out of nowhere and
declares that he just saw a guy
devouring another man
nobody believes him until the doors are
abruptly broken by zombies the situation
worsens zombies appear from each
direction and they are suddenly
everywhere allison says they must find
her mother before they leave
they go on to see the horror of a zombie
feasting on a pregnant woman hungry
zombie attacks them and michael gets
electrocuted while defending himself
but alison manages to take down the
zombie when she turns around she finds
her lover unconscious and bleeding so
she escapes in order to save herself
when alison breaks into an operating
room the monster chases her down and
attacks the physicians
as additional zombies rush into the area
and wreak havoc on everyone the
situation worsens
then we see william who rushes into the
kitchen and finds oxana william attempts
to console her while she promises to
keep his presence here a secret
meanwhile allison searches the corridors
and finally finds her mother who is
resting after the operation sylvia
refuses to wake up so allison takes her
bed and pulls it out into the hall
alison then infiltrates daniel's chamber
the zombie pursues them and bites
sylvia's leg but daniel uses a fire
extinguisher to crush the monster
back in the kitchen oksana reveals her
wish to have intercourse before she dies
but william just had a pp enlargement
surgery so he cannot do it right now
but he agrees to do it after all
after they did it he then washes the
area but burns himself with hot water
he uses some kind of gel and then lights
a matchstick to read what is it actually
the matchstick falls and sets him on
fire
oksana uses the fire extinguisher to put
out the fire
furious he rushes outside only to be
tormented by the zombies michael is
awake but dizzy he walks into a lab full
of specimens where he accidentally
releases a zombie reptile
meanwhile daniel is carrying sylvia and
they come across a quarter filled with
zombies so they deviate and enter a
chamber where the surgeon offers them
shelter
meanwhile michael and the others are
wandering down the corridor when daniel
knocks him down and drags him inside
where he wakes up to see allison's face
they are all together now and they
discuss sylvia bad condition
she is turning into a zombie and dr
kraswick tries to murder her only to be
splashed with her blood from her mouth
he then says he must go to the
laboratory to take the vaccine
the group eventually reaches the lab
where michael barricades a doorway and
ties sylvia to a chair
sylvia's condition worsens as the
physicians attempt to save her from
mutating
dr kraswick then admits they were
testing some sort of an anti-age product
which caused this mutations and one
patient escaped and caused all this mess
yanya suddenly murders him with the axe
claiming that he is infected they
attempt to come up with another plan but
sylvia bites a piece off yonah's arm
causing him to amputate himself
alison rushes forward and murders her
own zombie mother because she has no
other option
the group attempts to flee but the door
is locked and zombies are about to burst
in
michael prepares an explosive to blow it
up but allison just slides the door open
they make it to the top when michael is
assaulted by a zombie girl he attaches
explosives to her body impales her with
a chair and flees through the roof
on the roof everyone crosses the ledge
to the other side except jonah who falls
and dies the rest of them continue
downstairs
daniel approaches yanya and informs her
that he knows she is the one who carried
out the experiment
she offered him a bribe in order to keep
the secret between them they continued
to the garbage shoot where michael
volunteers to be the first to go down
but he vomits all over himself
regardless he falls down and everyone
follows but before leaving daniel begs
yanya for his fifty thousand dollars in
exchange for secrecy they go down the
chute once she accepts
yanya goes to a side room and finds a
zombie there which she uses to deceive
daniel into coming there and infecting
him with a zombie
enraged he kills yanya and conceals his
wound
soon after oksana climbs out of the
basement where security personnel
instead of assisting her they shower
bullets on her they must eliminate any
threat it seems
with no other option the three of them
seek another route and are pursued by
zombies the reptile bites michael but he
crushes it to a pulp they next go to the
sewers which are likewise lined with
zombies when they discover michael's
illness he takes out a ring for allison
but she angrily rejects him
following daniel's lead they come upon a
manhole which allison attempts to open
but is crushed by a military truck
driving over it daniel flees as she sobs
in agony and she apologizes to michael
for bringing them here
michael then cuts allison's fingers and
she and her friends flee
finally they locate a secure manhole and
alison descends into the tube
daniel promises her that he will take
care of her and walks away leaving
michael infected while michael is being
attacked by a zombified william daniel
murders him with his own ribs and
removes his intestine to use it as a
rope to get out but daniel refuses to
pull him out michael who is powerless
battles zombies as alison and daniel
flee in the vehicle
alison asks daniel to drive the vehicle
after leaving the premises but she soon
discovers that he is infected as well
she becomes terrified and begs him to
leave but he attacks her so she stabs
him and kicks him out michael on the
other hand puts his explosives in the
tunnel causing all of the city's sewers
to explode as alison drives along the
road zombies emerge from the manholes
and michael amongst them and she hits
him with her vehicle unaware it was him
as soon as she realizes what she's done
she loses control of the vehicle and
smashes it into a tree
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later